{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Alexander Nakarada - Royalty-Free Specifications:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Can be found here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\fs24 \cf5 \cb1 \ul \ulc5 https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/}}\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
The MIT License (MIT)\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated\
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to\
whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the\
Software.\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS\
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR\
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER\
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\
\
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License\
Creative Commons Corporation (\'93Creative Commons\'94) is not a law firm and does not provide legal services or legal\
advice. Distribution of Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or other relationship. Creative\
Commons makes its licenses and related information available on an \'93as-is\'94 basis. Creative Commons gives no\
warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their terms and conditions, or any related information.\
Creative Commons disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the fullest extent possible.\
Using Creative Commons Public Licenses\
Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and conditions that creators and other rights\
holders may use to share original works of authorship and other material subject to copyright and certain other rights\
specified in the public license below. The following considerations are for informational purposes only, are not\
exhaustive, and do not form part of our licenses.\
Considerations for licensors: Our public licenses are intended for use by those authorized to give the public\
permission to use material in ways otherwise restricted by copyright and certain other rights. Our licenses are\
irrevocable. Licensors should read and understand the terms and conditions of the license they choose before\
applying it. Licensors should also secure all rights necessary before applying our licenses so that the public can reuse\
the material as expected. Licensors should clearly mark any material not subject to the license. This includes other\
CC-licensed material, or material used under an exception or limitation to copyright. More considerations for licensors.\
Considerations for the public: By using one of our public licenses, a licensor grants the public permission to use the\
licensed material under specified terms and conditions. If the licensor\'92s permission is not necessary for any reason\'96for\
example, because of any applicable exception or limitation to copyright\'96then that use is not regulated by the license.\
Our licenses grant only permissions under copyright and certain other rights that a licensor has authority to grant. Use\
of the licensed material may still be restricted for other reasons, including because others have copyright or other\
rights in the material. A licensor may make special requests, such as asking that all changes be marked or described.\
Although not required by our licenses, you are encouraged to respect those requests where reasonable.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf6 \cb1 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 \
\
}